add amigor to pullpreview (#53)
cybex-gmbh/transmorpher: README.md

- PULLPREVIEW_APP_KEY
- PULLPREVIEW_TRANSMORPHER_SIGNING_KEYPAIR
- PULLPREVIEW_TRANSMORPHER_AUTH_TOKEN
- PULLPREVIEW_TRANSMORPHER_AUTH_TOKEN_HASH

#### Companion App

> A companion app is booted with PullPreview and available at the PullPreview root URL. The Transmorpher media server runs under `/transmorpherServer`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A demonstration app, which implements the client package, is booted with PullPreview and available at the PullPreview root URL. The Transmorpher media server runs under `/transmorpherServer`. 
```
